<!-- 

JavaScript (JS) is a high-level, dynamic programming language primarily used for making web pages interactive. It is one of the core technologies of web development, alongside HTML (structure) and CSS (styling).

Cypress and Selenium are both open-source tools used for automated web application testing, but they have several key differences: 
Architecture

Cypress runs in the browser, while Selenium runs outside the browser and uses a browser driver. 

Language support
Cypress is built on JavaScript and Node.js, while Selenium supports multiple programming languages, including Java, Python, C#, and Ruby. 
Browser support

Cypress only supports Chrome, while Selenium supports multiple browsers, including Chrome, Opera, Firefox, Edge, and Internet Explorer. 
Ease of use

Cypress is often considered more developer-friendly than Selenium. 
Speed

Cypress is generally faster than Selenium because it runs directly in the browser. 
Compatibility

Selenium's Java architecture provides wider compatibility with various programming languages for test automation. 
Reporting

Cypress comes with the Mocha testing framework, while Selenium can integrate with reporting libraries like Alloy or Extent. 

Other differences include: 
Cypress can manipulate DOM elements directly, while Selenium controls a browser remotely. 
Cypress doesn't offer help for browsers such as Safari and IE, or for multi-tabs. 
Cypress has restricted help for iFrames. 



Truthy & Falsy Values in Type Coercion:
When converting to Boolean, JavaScript treats values as truthy or falsy.

Falsy Values (Convert to false)
0
"" (empty string)
null
undefined
NaN
false
Truthy Values (Convert to true)
Any non-empty string ("Hello")
Any non-zero number (42, -1)
true
Arrays ([]) and Objects ({})


Example:


if ("") console.log("Truthy!"); // Won't execute ("" is falsy)
if ("Hello") console.log("Truthy!"); // Executes ("Hello" is truthy)
if (0) console.log("Truthy!"); // Won't execute (0 is falsy)
if (42) console.log("Truthy!"); // Executes (42 is truthy)






 -->